Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[wondrous music playing]
[birds chirping]
-[man laughing]
-[indistinct chatter]
[woman] Okay. Tell me what you're tasting.
[man] Cherry. raspberry.
and what is that?
[cutlery clinking]
Spice and tobacco.
-Exactly. You nailed it.
-Ah.
It's a red burgundy. but to me.
it's a passport to a travel experience.
You know. I'm suddenly transported
to a chateau garden outside of Dijon
on a warm Autumn day.
[both chuckling lightly]
Smart of you to fly up.
Mythos Wines was almost off my list.
Speaking of. I'm so sorry
the previous wine rep went MIA.
I will personally handle
your account from now on.
Good. Stay for lunch.
Hand-torn pasta with porcini and herbs.
Oh. You're evil. I wish.
I have to catch a flight
back to L.A. in… oh. now.
When are you gonna stop
racing around California 24/7.
putting out fires for your boss?
Ugh. Calder's not that bad.
[scoffing] Okay. Yeah. he is.
He's terrible. but I'm angling
for Regional Sales Director.
I would like to see
Lola Alvarez running her own show.
with her own wine import company.
So. just got back from my Sydney house.
[Lola] Uh-huh.
Tried some new wines by Hazel Vaughn.
-Oh. Hamish. no. not another--
-[Hamish] I know. I know.
Another Fortune 500 CEO
with a vanity wine label.
Just try it.
It's a pétillant naturel wine.
The ancient technique.
[Lola] Ooh.
Bubbles before it's bottled.
Mm-hmm. Hazel doesn't have a US importer.
If you get Mythos a contract
for Vaughn Wines.
I'd put it on my list
for all of my restaurants.
[Lola] Well. if Ms. Vaughn's office
isn't available. I'll leave word.
Okay. Are you ready?
-310-555-0143.
-[indistinct chatter]
[whispering] Thanks. Okay.
-Hi. Oh…
-First-Class souvenir.
-I am so jealous of your life.
-[Lola chuckling]
I just ate lunch from the vending machine.
He's on a tear today.
He even made the FedEx lady cry.
Ramona? Who makes Ramona cry?
I know. I've been on the phone
with Kroger all day.
They stocked our Lone Elk Merlot
on the bottom shelf.
Okay. Nobody looks at the grocery store
bottom shelf. Eye-level only.
I got creative.
I traded them a multi-case discount
on Pink Lady Rosé for a better facing.
Daryl from Kroger was all over it.
I'm pretty sure
he thought it was his idea.
Nice work. girl. Love it.
[woman] I took a page
out of the Lola playbook.
[woman chattering indistinctly]
[woman] Remember we love our jobs.
May I remind you
this is a place of business.
not a Chuck E. Cheese?
Oh. [chuckling lightly]
[grunts]
Lola. update me on the King account.
Saved it. And our Burgundy was
successfully added to his wine list.
You know me. go big or go home.
That's why you're my number one.
-If only everyone was as motivated.
-[balloon popping]
[struggling]
-[balloon pops]
-[woman 2] Ow!
I want new ideas at the town hall
tomorrow. No resting on laurels.
Oh. no. I know. I hate laurels. Ugh.
Oh. I'm actually gonna be late.
I finally scored a sit-down
with Wine Barn.
Fine. Just. uh. don't pitch me any
of that all-female Uruguayan
wine collective nonsense again.
I know it's small batch.
but it's these
really incredible women who--
I'm in the wine business.
not the whining business.
[woman] Oh… [chuckling]
[chuckling nervously]
He's gonna fire me.
I can feel it. [clears throat]
-Okay. okay. Deep breaths. Here we go.
-[woman breathing heavily]
[exhaling slowly] Okay. you have an entire
night to find something to pitch.
-[woman] Yeah. Okay.
-Don't worry.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Oh. uh. one second.
[woman] Okay.
Lola Alvarez.
[phones ringing]
A month?
Well. can I schedule a meeting
for when Ms. Vaughn returns?
Yeah. I'll send over materials. Okay.
Great. Sounds good. Speak soon. Thanks.
[whispering] Yes.
That sounded big.
-[Lola chuckling]
-[woman] What's up?
Oh…
Oh. Come on. work wife. Spill. [chuckling]
Okay. Vaughn Family Wines.
Out of Australia.
Started as a celebrity label
made at a custom crush facility.
But now Hazel Vaughn has her own vineyards
and brought in an award-winning winemaker.
What? Sweet find. [chuckling]
Uh. how… how can I help?
Right now.
Hazel's on sabbatical for a month.
so just keep this between you and I
until I get a meeting set.
Okay. [chuckling]
Thanks. Gotta run.
One last client drop-in until I'm facedown
on my couch in sweatpants.
[mouthing]
[contemplative music playing]
-[man laughing loudly]
-[indistinct chatter]
[all laughing]
That's good.
Get on in here.
Made pizzas from scratch.
We got leftovers.
[Lola] Hey. Dad.
Hello.
So. what is the neighborhood book club
pretending to discuss this month?
[laughing] Oh. honey. You know we only
walk over to Carlos's for the free rosé.
Mm. And we are loving this one.
Oh. I can see. You guys work fast.
Mm. Deep gratitude for the wine hookup.
Mm. Speaking of hookups. spill.
Oh. [sighing heavily]
[woman] Come on.
we've already finished the other gossip.
Here we go.
Can't you just discuss my love life
behind my back. like normal people?
-Uh. no.
-[Carlos] No.
-[woman] We can't do that.
-No.
Not our style. No.
How long since that divorce. Lola?
Um. two years.
Why? Who's counting?
-Me.
-[Lola sighing]
Grandkids don't make themselves.
Oh. Dad. really? What?
-Honestly we're gonna go there tonight?
-[woman laughing]
[sirens wailing]
Sweetie. while not subtle.
book club has a point.
Tyler let a damn good thing go.
It's time to move on. like he did.
Tyler didn't turn out to be the person
that I thought he was. Okay?
Not every man is a liar.
Look at me. I'm perfect.
[Lola scoffing]
You always see the best in people.
Don't stop now.
[scoffing]
Your heart got broken.
you pressed pause on your love life.
It's time to press play.
You got to learn to trust again.
I project a year-over-year increase
in sales. placing these wines in…
-[Lola] Excuse me.
-…upscale restaurants…
-Hi.
-[woman] …and specialty bottle shops.
Plus. the Australian government
offers a substantial financial package.
um. to export.
so it's a win-win.
[melancholy music playing]
In summation. Calder.
I have secured you a pitch meeting
four weeks from today
with Hazel Vaughn herself.
[clearing throat]
[Lola scoffing]
Hmm. You got a passport. Audra?
Mm-hmm. Yep.
You're coming to Sydney with me.
Close this deal.
we're talking Regional Sales Director.
-Oh.
-[cell phone ringing]
Uh. short break. everybody.
I gotta take this.
[breathing heavily]
I… I didn't…
Sugar-pops. I got the opera tickets.
[chuckling] Okay. ciao.
Vaughn Family Wines is my find.
Well. Audra pitched it and now it's hers.
Okay. only because I told her about it.
Well. that was
your big mistake now. Wasn't it?
We learn lessons the hard way. Lola.
[Lola sighing]
Lola's up next. everybody. Let's go.
[indistinct chatter]
[man clearing throat. sighing]
[Calder] This should be good.
[Calder clearing throat]
[Lola sighing]
Hmm?
[inhaling sharply]
You know. it's no secret you're not
the most warm and fuzzy boss. Calder.
[employees murmuring]
But hey. I get it.
You know. wine is a tough business.
and I told myself you were setting
a high bar for good reason.
But nope. turns out
you are a garden-variety snob.
-You mistake cruelty for cleverness.
-[employees gasping]
When it comes to wine. you barely know
a Petit Verdot from a Petit Syrah.
You're not fooling anyone.
Don't be emotional. Lola.
If this is about
the Regional Sales Director position--
[chuckling] Audra can have it.
I've been saving your butt for years.
I'm done!
[muttering] What are you doing?
Oh. isn't it obvious? I'm quitting.
[Calder laughing]
Uh. no. you can't leave.
I decide when someone leaves.
Oh. Not today. pal. You fall straight
into the category of "life is too short."
You know what? I would rather sell
margaritas in a can at a suburban 7-Eleven
than work another minute for you.
[employees murmuring]
Bye. hon. Good luck finding
someone else's ideas to steal.
Take care. team.
Oh. and. uh. I have a stash of Girl Scout
cookies in my bottom desk drawer.
so parting gift. [clicking tongue]
-[employees gasping. murmuring]
-[mouthing] Bye.
[ducks quacking]
[birds chirping]
[kid yelling indistinctly]
-Morning.
Oh. Who knew quitting
would be so inspiring?
[inhales deeply] And terrifying.
It's a really interesting combo.
-[laughing]
-[exhaling sharply] Okay.
How is this for my new company logo?
-[man] Wow.
-I sketched it last night.
-[Dad] I love it.
-[Lola] Really?
It's barely day one of your own company
and you're already crushing it?
I'm proud of you. sweetie. It's time.
Use a coaster.
Thanks. Dad.
But so far my company
is just an elaborate doodle
and some lovely Uruguayan ladies.
And with my savings on the line.
I really need a big account ASAP.
I need Vaughn Family Wines.
Uh-oh.
I know this tone of voice.
Hold on to your butts. everyone.
[keyboard clacking]
-Calder's meeting's in four weeks.
-[Dad] Mm.
I did some Internet sleuthing.
That sabbatical Hazel's on?
She spends every year
at her family's sheep farm in Australia.
Like a "stay in touch
with her roots" kinda thing.
Hazel Vaughn's farm also…
[keyboard clacking
…has an Airbnb cottage.
Yeah. I'll rent the cottage.
and pitch my company to Hazel first.
Boom. It's a matter of principle now.
Wow. Australia!
That sounds kind of
far.
Yeah. I know.
Gah. Is this too bold?
I don't know. like.
am I brave or just. like. really crazy?
-[Lola sighing heavily]
-Is your gut telling you to do this?
Yes.
Strangely. it just…
It feels right to me.
["Traveling Song" by Timber Bones playing]
Then I say. let's go a lot of bold
and a little crazy.
[yelling happily]
-I'm going to Australia!
-[both chuckling]
["Traveling Song" continues]
Welcome.
Well. good morning. Australia. Hi.
Let me help you with that.
Thanks. Woah!
[man grunting]
Oh my God. Are you all right?
[breathing heavily]
[chuckling] Gravity.
Oh.
[man exhaling sharply]
[man burping]
I'm all good now.
And time to go.
-[driver] Where to. mate?
-[man] Take me to the pub. my good man.
[birds chirping]
[wondrous music playing]
Hello?
Anyone here?
Hello? Uh. where do I check in?
[Lola gasping]
Wow.
-[man clearing throat]
-Oh!
-[laughing]
-[Lola sighing]
Hi.
Can I help you find something?
Combination to the safe maybe.
Yes. De-- No! No. no. no. no.
No. I'm sorry. No combination needed.
That will not be necessary.
Hi. I. um… I… I booked the Airbnb.
Yeah. I figured.
I've been expecting you. Just not here.
Oh. Weird.
So you're saying that this isn't
the cottage that I rented. huh?
Whoo. Imagine that. [laughing]
All right. If there's nothing else
on your "breaking and entering" agenda.
let me show you
to your slightly more modest lodging
before the boss gets home. okay?
Oh. wait. If by boss
you mean Hazel Vaughn.
could you. um. help a girl get introduced?
Uh. right. That's why
you're snooping around her house.
-Um. not snooping. Sure.
-[man] Come on. Let's go.
Someone like me needs to get creative
to score face time with the Hazel Vaughn.
Come on. Please?
Charm doesn't work on me.
Look. enjoy the cottage.
Take some selfies with the sheep.
Just don't bother Hazel Vaughn.
[man 2] Excuse me. Mate. we got issues.
Miss.
That new jackaroo Peter? He's just quit.
Done.
[sighing heavily] It's not like
that bludger did any work.
I always had to send him off
to sober up under a tree.
Oh. but I saw that guy.
He took my airport van to the pub.
[man 2 chuckling] That sounds about right.
I've been calling everywhere.
No one has any workers to spare.
Not even a bloody backpacker.
Anyway. gotta get back to the sheep.
Righto.
[sighing heavily]
Let's get you situated. right?
[whimsical music playing]
[man] Hey. Stop.
Hi. Hi. Lola Alvarez.
I am very excited
about your wine. Ms. Vaughn.
And since you're only considering
American importers personally.
I figured a self-made lady boss would
appreciate another self-made lady boss--
-Sorry. Hazel. She's--
-Not done talking.
My company. Salud Imports.
is a newly established
California importer--
I've never heard of them. How new?
So far. it's only me. and I'm still
in the process of getting licensed.
-Doesn't that take months?
-[Lola] 60 days.
And I can also guarantee placement
with the world-famous chef Hamish King.
Whoa. Let me stop you right there.
Despite the ambush. I admire your moxie.
And Hamish King
is an impressive name-drop.
so I'll be just as straight
with you in return.
You've clearly done your research.
Vaughn Family Wines is my baby.
so there is absolutely no way
I will go with a first-time importer.
Sorry you wasted an airline flight.
Yeah. look. while I got ya. bad news.
Jackaroo bailed on us today.
-[Hazel] It's shearing season.
-[man] Yeah. Same as neighboring stations.
-Everyone's shorthanded.
-Well. I… I could do it.
Could do what?
The job. I mean. how long
do you need someone? A few days?
About two weeks. Also. no.
Well. why not? I'm here and I'm willing.
I can be your jackaroo.
Yeah. nah. You'd. uh… you'd be a jillaroo.
Gendered terms. Cute. Whatever works.
Look. we need someone
with real station experience.
not an Airbnb tourist.
Look. I came all this way
to show Ms. Vaughn I go the extra mile.
This is the extra mile.
I'm a hard worker.
And I will hit the ground running.
just as I will
when I'm working with your wine.
[inhaling deeply]
Well. a pair of hands is a pair of hands.
If Max here agrees.
He's this station's boss cocky.
so what he says. goes.
You will never have to send me off
to sober up under a tree.
I pay attention.
[birds chirping]
[scoffing] I can't believe
it's come to this.
-[Hazel] Looks like your lucky day.
-[grunts happily]
And since my sabbatical
always includes endless work calls.
Max here will be in charge of training you
starting today.
Today?
No. I can't spend the next two weeks
babysitting some newbie.
[Hazel] That's busy farm life for you.
-Yeah. Tim can do it.
-The person I trust is you.
[scoffing]
I hope you're worth the trouble.
Lola Alvarez. give us all you've got.
If you pass muster at mustering.
then we can talk wine.
Deal.
Thank you.
[whispering] Yes.
[exhaling sharply]
[sighing heavily]
Might as well get started then.
[upbeat music playing]
-Wait. like. right now?
-No time like the present.
Well. I mean. Don't I need
to drop my bag off at the cottage first?
Leave it. And no more cottage.
Workers stay in the shearers' quarters.
Well. I… I mean. I can't just leave
my bag here. What if it gets stolen?
We're 200 kilometers away from anything.
Who's gonna steal it?
Wait. What? Uh…
[sheep bleating]
[Max] Sheep pens. Shearing shed.
When you're running livestock.
you wanna make sure they're safe.
fed. you know. watered.
Keep up on diseases and pregnancies.
Sounds like things get pretty wild here
on a Saturday night.
[Lola chuckling]
Yeah.
[Lola grunting]
[Max] Uh. so. during the season.
we shear about 500 sheep a day.
Ah. Okay.
So that's where the action happens.
Uh. yeah. nah.
You won't be doing any sheep work.
That's for the experienced hands.
Okay. So. what will I be doing?
Chores. Grunt work. Hard yakka.
Hey. you volunteered for it.
Not complaining. I love grunt work.
Whoo! Bring it on.
That's good to hear.
We'll start you off
with some fence mending.
We have kangaroos out here.
constantly making holes.
Kangaroos? Like. boing-boing ones
with pouches? Will I get to see some?
Yeah. That "boing-boing one"
will kick you flat on your back.
What about koalas?
Uh. they scratch.
Huge claws. like this.
Oh. So disappointing.
Do you have to burst every bubble?
-[engine sputtering]
-[Max] Maybe.
[engine rattling]
[Max] Hey. don't-- Lazza. don't.
-Lazza. don't keep--
-[Lola] Oh. [chuckles]
[groaning] Lazza.
don't quit on me here. Come on.
[engine backfires. dies]
[keys turning]
[steam hissing]
Busted radiator. Gotta walk back.
Wait. Can't you call a tow truck?
[chuckles] Yeah. nah.
There's no reception out here.
Oh. great. [scoffing]
Station life is unpredictable.
As they say. "If you jump
in the saddle. be ready for the ride."
-Was that a cowboy wisdom quote?
-Stockman. No cowboys here.
Then what's a jackaroo?
[Max chuckling]
Well. it's technically a cowboy.
but it's a term for newbies like you.
-Are they all you got?
-My ankle boots?
Uh. um…
-Oh. I have sneakers too.
-Oh. that's no good.
-Flip-flops?
-It's rough land out here.
You'll need Blunnies to protect your feet.
And you didn't even bring a hat.
It was kinda supposed
to be a two-night stay.
-Right.
-You guys got a gift shop?
[chuckling] That's very funny.
-Here. Take mine. [laughing]
-Oh! No. no. no.
Okay. Oh. right.
Well. then. thank you.
This is… This is fine. I'm fine.
[Max] Well. you won't be in an hour or so.
Australian sun shows no mercy.
We'll start back training tomorrow.
[Lola] This is gonna be fun. [chuckling]
[peaceful music playing]
[Lola] What?
[Max] Sixty days. huh?
-[Lola] To get my wine importer's license?
-[Max] I pay attention.
[Lola] Huh.
Yeah. There's no way Hazel's gonna go
for a company that doesn't exist yet.
You do realize how absurd that is. right?
Well. sometimes you have to take risks.
Believe in yourself.
You know. go big or go home.
Yeah. Well. good on ya.
But I wouldn't get my hopes up.
Okay. Well.
thank you for the encouragement.
I'm just being practical.
Practical isn't really my style.
[exhaling sharply]
Is it always so hot here?
Nah.
Gets heaps hotter in the arvo.
-Arvo?
-[Max] Means "afternoon."
[indistinct chatter]
[dog barking]
[keyboard clacking]
[indistinct clamoring]
[woman] Who's the one
who lives in the van?
[woman 2] No.
The blonde one from last Saturday.
[woman 2 chuckling]
[woman 2] He's the only shaggable man
within 200 kilometers.
[woman] This is why I'm glad
I'm not single.
Hi. Lola from L.A.
Your new roomie. [chuckling]
Hi.
Oh. impromptu mobile office.
[all chuckling]
I got a Skype-date with Heidi.
Yeah. Lockie hasn't messaged
me back since Tuesday.
He's definitely ghosting me.
Ugh. men.
[chuckling]
I'm Breeze. And don't worry about them.
Takes a while to earn their trust.
Oh. Yeah. I'm only here for two weeks.
I'm not trying to steal their jobs. so…
Reckon that airport van'll
be back here in no time.
Bet you ten bucks
she doesn't last the week.
-[chuckles] Deal.
-[shower knob squeaks]
Um.
sitting right here. Just--
-[man screaming]
-Oh!
[man] Oh no!
Somebody used all the hot water!
-What? Are you kidding?
-Are you serious?
Sorry. It was a 14-hour flight.
I really needed that long shower.
-[scoffing]
-Heidi. Hi. baby.
Hey. How you going?
[woman 2] I'm good.
Tired. You look amazing.
[electricity crackling]
-[woman 2] No…
-[woman] Oh. come on.
Well. that is just brilliant.
Sorry.
[contemplative music playing]
[birds chirping]
-[bird squawking loudly]
-[Lola gasping]
[Lola groaning]
Chores don't do themselves. Big Smoke.
[Lola sighing]
[man] Here you go. Henry.
Today's riddle.
Oh. not this again. Every damn morning.
Gotta keep you on your toes.
What ship has two mates but no captain?
-[woman] Like a canoe?
-[Henry] Nah.
No. like a kayak with. like. two seats.
Oh. thank you.
-[woman] Titanic.
-[Henry] That doesn't even make sense.
-[Lola groans]
-[woman 2] A submarine?
Sorry. sir?
Excuse me.
do you have any other coffee options.
like a latte or an espresso?
You're joking. Right?
[man slurping]
Okay. I can work with this. No worries.
Oi. over here. We saved you a seat.
You guys are. uh. talking to me now?
Uh. well. Breeze was right.
We can be a bit too hard on the newbies.
Yeah. We were just pulling your leg
last night. that's all.
Okay. [scoffing]
-Hi.
-Hi. Morning.
[Lola screaming]
[both laughing]
Oh. don't. You two are terrible.
Leave her alone. the poor thing.
-Best prank ever.
-It never gets old. [laughing]
[Lola chuckling sarcastically]
Bit of a friendly hazing.
Should've warned ya.
-We all get it on our first day.
-Yeah. Female friendship is overrated.
I got it! The riddle.
A relationship.
Yeah. We have a winner.
-Oh.
[Henry] First prize.
an extra snag from Danno here.
-[woman] I'm getting it tonight.
-Morning.
-[Henry] Hey. boss.
-[all] Morning.
-You ready to get started?
-Yeah. let's do it.
[peaceful music playing]
[bird warbling]
[Max] Right. so you bend this. Like that.
[Lola] Okay.
Feed this through here. right?
Then you twist it. You twist that back.
Then you twist that back through there.
and then you… Right. okay.
-Like that. See?
-[Lola] Yeah.
-So you hold this and pull down.
-[Lola] Uh-huh.
-And that's it. Done.
-Oh.
Show me again.
[Max chuckling]
-Seriously?
-Just-- Last time. I swear.
This is the one.
Huh.
A week ago. I was pouring a Cabernet
for the sommelier at the Ritz-Carlton.
And now. I'm pouring sheep food.
What happened?
[sheep bleating]
Oh. Hey. girl.
Somebody looks hungry. You ready to eat?
[sheep bleating]
[Lola] Okay. then.
You got it easy. sister.
Waited on hand and hoof.
[yelling]
[grunting. groaning]
[breathing heavily]
Bon appétit. whoever you are.
[sheep bleating]
Wait. Who are you?
You need a name.
Come on.
Oh! No. no. no. no!
Stop. Stop it. Don't do that!
Just spitballing here. Uh. Meryl Sheep?
[Lola straining]
Just-- That's it! Don't--
[chuckling]
Uh. Calista Flockhart?
-Yup. Good boy.
-[sheep bleating]
Okay.
-Hey. You're mixing up the mob.
-What?
You see the different colored tags here?
Oh.
You better get to re-sorting the sheep.
They're not gonna sort themselves.
Yeah. okay. All right.
Listen up. guys. okay? No mingling.
Hey! Hello? Hello?
Pay attention. No. no. no.
Wait. hey. do you have wool in your ears?
What the flock.
No. I've got it.
You are a grand dame.
A diva.
You are Baaabra Streisand.
[sheep bleating]
[Lola laughing]
I like you.
Move it. Move… Thank you.
Stay. Stay. Okay.
-[Max laughing]
-[sheep bleating]
Wait. no.
Okay.
Um.
cool.
Ugh.
[retching] Ugh.
[sheep bleating]
[Lola] Oh.
Your boots are amazing. [chuckling]
I should've consulted you before I packed.
-Um. speaking of…
-[Hazel] Mm-hmm.
…on the plane I read in Wine Spectator
that you like unique wines.
And there's this all-female collective
out of Uruguay doing amazing stuff.
I could. uh… I could arrange
for them to send you some bottles.
I'm busy with station work.
You should be too.
[sighing heavily]
-[Lola] Why is this so hard?
-[Max] Yeah. Well. station life is tough.
Can't wine and dine
your way out of problems.
Oh. that's what you think I do all day?
Well. isn't it?
[bird squawking]
Well. technically. yes.
-Huh.
-[Lola] But I'm a self-starter.
Number one at Girl Scout cookie sales
three years in a row.
High school valedictorian.
Nailed my sommelier exam at age 22.
which is basically unheard of.
And I do the New York Times
crossword puzzle in ink.
I do not fail. I've got this.
Well. a stubborn horse walks
ahead of the herd.
Where do you get these quotes? Pinterest?
Huh.
Ah?
[straining]
[groaning]
[Lola sighing]
-Hey. hey! Stop! Stop!
-No. I'll fix it.
I just need to get the plow!
-Brown snake! It's a brown snake.
-[tense music playing]
-[hissing]
-[Lola] Oh.
[both breathing heavily]
[contemplative music playing]
Extremely deadly.
Okay.
-[Max clearing throat]
-Well. uh…
[Max] Oh. you leave 'em be.
they'll leave you be.
[birds chirping]
Getting closer and closer.
-Can you believe it?
-[woman] Yeah. can't wait.
I'm so excited.
Love you. Heidi. Take care of our bean.
[Heidi] Love you too.
Sam's partner Heidi is up the duff.
Like Hilary?
[Breeze chuckling]
Like pregnant. Due next month.
Ah. What? Congratulations.
[Sam] Yeah.
-Campfire time. Oi.
-[people laughing]
-Hmm? Yes.
-[Sam] Let's get some coldies.
-Breeze.
-Yeah. coming.
[guitar music playing]
Oi. newbie. I noticed
the dunny's looking pretty scungy.
So…
[Sam snickering]
[man laughing heartily]
Sorry. I should've warned ya. again.
Newest jillaroo gets toilet-cleaning duty.
[chuckling lightly]
[indistinct chatter outside]
Ugh.
[contemplative music playing]
[bird screeching]
[Lola groaning. moaning]
And so. we repurpose sheep manure
into fertilizer.
It's all part of keeping Waratah green.
[Lola inhaling sharply]
Okay. The. uh. eco-friendly aspect
of this farm got a lot less appealing.
Yeah. So shovel that into the spreader.
We're gonna need 20 loads today.
Twen--? Oh… Yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
[whistling]
[bird chirping]
[sheep bleating]
[inhaling deeply. blowing]
No.
[blowing]
Oh. that was terrible.
Nope. nothing. Okay.
[motorcycle engines revving]
[dog barking]
[Max exhaling sharply]
[Lola sighing heavily]
[Hazel] How's it going with the American?
Uh. she has spirit. I'll say that.
[Hazel] Uh-huh.
Translation. she's useless?
Well. uh…
Hi there. Hi. Here I am.
Hard at work. Whoa!
Oh no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no.
I. uh…
[chuckling lightly]
I saw this whole thing going differently.
[Hazel sighing heavily]
Haze. you all right?
Wait. no. Wait. I'm sorry.
Uh. wait. wait. No. I'm sorry.
Whoa! Whoa!
[groaning. yelling]
[panting]
[whimpering]
[Lola breathing heavily]
Where are you going in such a rush?
L.A. Tell Sam she won the bet.
-[Lola straining]
-Come on. Lola. Don't go.
It's been five days.
It took me months to find my groove here.
I don't have months.
This was always a pipe dream.
There's no way I am recovering from today.
Any tips on how to hail a taxi?
Nah. they take forever and cost a fortune.
[Lola sighing]
[inhales deeply]
Max is heading into town though.
Yay.
Hey. Arlo.
Can I hitch a ride?
Yep.
[truck engine sputtering]
[Max] Ugh. Lazza. you rotten old bastard.
[Lola sighing] Seriously? Again?
[Max sighing] I'll motorbike back
from the station with tools.
Let's go.
[Lola] Ugh.
[Lola chuckling]
-[Max] Arlo! Come here.
-[Lola] Dressed for success. as always.
You know what? I think this is a sign.
Australia hates me!
Hate's a pretty strong word.
You know. I've never quit anything. Ever.
Never mind bold and crazy.
I went too big and now I'm going home.
Hey. where's that spitfire who blew in.
determined to do business
with the Hazel Vaughn. huh?
She was gutsy.
[in Australian accent]
Time for her to pack it in. mate.
[Max chuckling] I don't know.
It's not every day a Fortune 500 CEO
gets sheep dung sprayed all over 'em.
That really cracked me up.
[scoffing] Well.
I'm glad that I could amuse you.
Wait a second. Was that a smile just then?
Oh. come on. You're halfway there.
No. I see what you're doing
and I will not fall for it. pal. Okay?
-Let me wallow in self-pity.
-See. now you're talking.
You just gotta get one side
of your mouth up and then the other side--
-And then you got a full smile.
-Stop. Stop! You are a horrible man.
I know. I know.
It's one of my better qualities.
Oh.
I. uh.
heard you talking to Hazel before.
You were about to agree
with her that I am useless.
Uh. I was about to tell Hazel
that you have promise.
Because you do.
You know. when it comes to the hard work.
some turn up their sleeves.
some turn up their noses.
and some don't turn up at all.
Huh.
You really do have a thing
for inspirational quotes. don't you?
[Lola scoffing]
You turned up. Lola.
and you didn't turn up your nose.
That's worth a lot in my book.
And Hazel's too.
Wait. You told me not to get my hopes up
when it comes to Hazel.
I dunno. Maybe…
[sighing]
Maybe you're onto something
about taking risks.
[dog barking]
Look. it's not like
you'll make your flight now.
-so just think on it overnight.
-[sighs]
[sheep bleating]
[Lola scoffing] Okay. what now?
[Max] Uh. nothing. I'm just curious.
Why wine?
My. uh… My dad worked his butt off
to support the two of us.
He went from selling insurance
door-to-door to setting up his own shop.
He was the OG badass.
[Max chuckling]
My mom was never really in the picture.
so. you know.
my dad's my hero and role model.
and I just figured I'd follow him
into the insurance biz.
And then. in college. I was. um.
I was waitressing
at this upscale L.A. steakhouse.
and… and one night the Wine Captain
didn't show up for his shift.
So. I winged it and nailed it.
[Max] Hmm.
I… I had a knack
for telling a wine's story.
The magical places it'll take you.
["Blood" by The Middle East playing]
I'd found my thing.
That's a good feeling to have.
-[barking]
-[Lola and Max laughing]
-I think he agrees.
-Yeah. he likes that.
[Lola laughs]
♪ Older brother. restless soul. lie down ♪
[Lola breathing deeply]
♪ Lie for a while
With your ear against the earth ♪
♪ And you'll hear
Your sister sleep talking ♪
♪ Saying your hair is long
But not long enough to reach ♪
♪ Home to me ♪
♪ But your beard someday might be ♪
♪ And she woke up
In a cold sweat on the floor ♪
♪ Next to a family portrait
Drawn when you were four ♪
♪ And beside a jar of two-cent coins
That are no good no more ♪
♪ She'll lay it aside ♪
[women snoring]
[Lola smacks lips. clearing throat loudly]
-[women groaning]
-[Lola] Having a. uh. lie-in. ladies? Hmm?
I. uh. fixed the hot water issue.
My dad's house has a tricky boiler too.
Dibs on the first shower. [gasping]
You go. girl.
Whoo-hoo!
I reckon we're about the same size.
Um…
Yeah. and I've got a spare pair
of Blunnies too. so…
Thanks. but why?
You proved us wrong. mate.
I lost the bet.
[chuckling] Welcome to the crew.
And thanks for putting a tenner
in my pocket. making Kylie a loser.
Yes. yes.
Anyway. the shoes are a loan.
so I expect them back
and in perfect condition too.
You got it.
[Henry] Oi.
What has a ring. but no finger?
Ah.
They charge six dollars for this in L.A.
It's called a pour-over.
-Six bucks?
-[Lola] Mm-hmm.
I gotta get a new job.
[Max] Hey.
[indistinct chatter]
-Newsflash.
-[Max] Mm-hmm.
I'm staying.
So our efforts to run you off.
they failed?
-[Lola chuckling]
-[Max] Hmm?
I did some light reading last night.
Heard of her? Sybylla Vaughn?
-Uh. yeah. The name does ring a bell.
-[Lola] Okay. I'll summarize.
Sybylla is the OG outback badass.
She is a widow who blazed her own trail.
founding Waratah
with nothing but grit and determination.
She's a true pioneer.
Like you?
Sybylla wasn't a quitter.
and neither am I.
Any questions?
Uh. not really. Nah.
I researched
and edited the book myself. so…
What? You couldn't interrupt my monologue
with that vital information?
No. it was too much fun to watch.
Hey. uh. you should open that.
Mysterious box.
Sybylla would believe
a proper jillaroo. which you are now.
deserves a proper hat.
Also. I really need my favorite back.
You already knew I was staying?
Uh. no one can resist the wisdom
of my inspirational quotes.
-Admit it. you get 'em on Pinterest.
-That's highly classified information.
Ooh. A man never reveals his secrets.
[Max chuckling] Hmm.
[both chuckling]
-Audra!
-Yes?
Why is every single one
of our accounts in trouble?
Oh. um. maybe the workplace culture thing?
Drive to Laguna now and fix this.
Oh. Calder. I am on it.
-Well. get more on it!
-Sorry.
Lola would already be doing 80 on the 405.
Yes. Okay.
[Audra panting]
[groaning]
[thudding]
[faucet handle squeaking]
[whimsical music playing]
[sheep bleating]
[Lola moaning]
Oh. uh…
Go.
-[indistinct chatter and laughter]
-[keyboard clacking]
Right. so. I was up before dawn.
and I'm shoveling out a shed
full of sheep manure.
and. uh. someone jumps in the shed
and starts shoveling next to me.
Uh. it's so dark.
I couldn't see who they were.
Anyway. we finished the job. step outside.
and then as the sun's coming up.
in the dawn light. I can see it's a woman.
And then it just hits me. hey.
[all laughing]
Like. yeah.
I think I'm in love.
[all laughing heartily]
[indistinct chatter]
Are you not chained
to your lappie tonight?
Oh. Well.
with all this merriment going on.
I mean. how's a girl to concentrate?
[Max] Stubbie?
I'm actually more of a.
uh. Bordeaux Blanc type.
Ah. served chilled
around eight degrees Celsius.
-Mm.
-Yeah. Nah. we're fresh out.
Oh. look at that. Someone knows wine.
What the heck. When in Rome.
Or. you know. the middle of nowhere.
[plucking guitar strings]
So. the. uh.
boss cocky has hidden talents?
I've heard you. You're not bad.
[both laughing]
[Max playing "Home"
by Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros]
[Lola] Hmm.
♪ Well. holy moly. me oh my ♪
♪ You're the apple of my eye ♪
♪ Girl. I've never loved one like you ♪
Go on. Keep going.
-♪ …to the nothingness ♪
-[Max] Mm-hmm.
[laughing]
♪ There ain't nothing that I need ♪
[Lola chuckling]
♪ Man. oh man. you're my best friend ♪
♪ I'll scream it to the nothingness ♪
♪ There ain't nothing that I need ♪
♪ Oh. home. let me come home ♪
♪ Home is wherever I'm with you ♪
Hmm.
[Lola humming melody]
[singing gibberish]
[all laughing]
[Max] Almost.
[Lola] But now we're back.
♪ We laugh until we think we'll die ♪
♪ Barefoot on a summer night ♪
♪ Never could be sweeter than with you ♪
-That's true.
-[all chuckling]
♪ And in the streets we're running free ♪
♪ Like it's only you and me ♪
♪ Oh. you're something to see ♪
Everybody!
[all] ♪ Home. let me come home ♪
♪ Home is wherever I'm with you ♪
Louder!
[all] ♪ Home. let me come home ♪
♪ Home is wherever I'm with you ♪
Okay. slow it down.
[all] ♪ Home. let me come home ♪
♪ Home is wherever I'm with you ♪
[all chuckling]
-[all] Yeah!
-[Lola] That was so good!
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Max] Good job.
[Sam] Okay. Big Smoke!
[Max] Not bad.
[indistinct chatter]
Come on.
Stop. Keep going.
[indistinct chatter]
[Lola] Mmm.
What exactly is Vegemite?
Leftover brewer's yeast.
Oh. Seriously?
-[Henry] Yeah.
-[Lola] Hmm.
So interesting.
Hey. look. what's going on over there?
-What?
-[Lola] I think Max needs you.
-He's all right.
-So Henry. tell me.
[laughing]
Why the life of a shearer?
I like the freedom.
You know. you're always moving around.
you work with the same mates job to job.
Hmm.
Look. I can shear hard for a couple months
and have time off. family. go fishing.
Just take it easy. you know?
It's not like one of them office jobs
where you go chuck a sickie for a day off.
Hmm.
Work-life balance. Huh.
I always thought that was an urban legend.
[both chuckling]
Maybe you'll learn it here.
Yeah. maybe.
-[wondrous music playing]
-I'm trying.
-[sheep bleating]
-[Lola] Baaabra sends her love.
And I won't bother asking
what book you're discussing tonight.
John and Diane only show up
for gossip on this Max guy.
Tell us everything.
Spare no details.
Did you get it. girl?
Okay. Great talking
to you. guys. Love you. Bye.
[Carlos] Oy. does he have a six pack?
-[Max] Hey.
-Hi.
So. uh. Sam had to go
to the doctor with Heidi.
which means you're finally going to do
sheep work today in the shearing shed.
Wait. I'm sorry.
Did… did I just get a promotion?
[laughing] Well.
you can call it that if you like.
Yes! Amazing.
Okay. Is Hazel gonna be around today too?
Get to see my promotion in action?
Uh. no. She went to Sydney overnight
to visit her boyfriend.
Oh.
So. what is your deal with Hazel?
Uh. she's fine.
It's… it's complicated.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Uh. let me
just give Baaabra some water first.
[sheep bleating]
Uh. Who-bra?
Oh. Baaabra.
I. uh… I named her. [chuckles]
Lola. it's a big mistake.
You never name 'em.
-Well. you named your truck Lazza.
-Yeah. It means Larry.
You know. Larry's a solid bloke.
He's… [chuckling]
…he's a reliable mate.
I mean. is he really that reliable?
And why is Baaabra stuck in solitary?
Uh. she's CFA. Cast for age.
[sighing heavily]
She's. uh…
She's dinner next Sunday.
What? No!
No. no. no. We're… We're great friends.
She gives great advice. She's deeply wise.
It's just the way it is with old-timers.
[bleating]
Hey. Don't worry. Baaabs.
I will spring you
from Death Row. I promise.
[sheep bleating]
Ducks on the pond!
-Oh?
-It's an old-school saying.
It means there's a lady coming
into the shed.
[Lola] Ah.
[Kylie] Hey. That's no lady.
That's our Lola.
-Aw.
-["Geronimo" by Sheppard playing]
She'll show you what to do.
-Okay. Got it.
-Go have fun. Go.
[sheep bleating]
♪ When I lost it
Yeah. you held my hand ♪
♪ But I tossed it. didn't understand ♪
Lola. grab us another fleece.
-Okay. uh…
-[Kylie] Now! Run!
-Like now?
-[Kylie] Right now! Go!
-Okay. I'm… Okay. I'm gonna go this way.
-[Kylie] Let's go!
-[increases volume]
-♪ So say Geronimo. say Geronimo ♪
♪ Say Geronimo ♪
[Kylie] Pick up the pace. Lola.
Here we go. Now let the fleece fly.
Let it go from the bottom. flick it out.
Yeah. nah. that's not it.
But that's all right.
[Lola] No.
♪ Bombs away. bombs away ♪
-♪ Bombs away ♪
-♪ Say Geronimo ♪
♪ Say Geronimo ♪
Now! Run! Now! Right now!
You gotta flick it out.
-Yeah. That's a little better.
-Really?
Yeah. You're getting better. That's good.
-Okay.
-That's good.
Since Lola quit Mythos.
I'm overseeing your account now.
I can offer you a multi-case discount
on Spotted Duck Merlot.
I don't do wines
with animals as their logo.
-Or Merlot.
-Oh. Uh. I could offer you a Syrah--
I'll wait for Lola
to get back from Australia
and see what her new company has to offer.
Australia?
[Audra gasping]
[crickets chirping]
[Lola] Ooh.
[Lola and Kylie gasping]
Hello? I'm sorry. Nail art happening here.
Don't make me start over.
The last time I shag a bartender.
You know. he's definitely ghosting me.
Oh. hell no. sister.
No bartenders. Trust me.
I'm divorced from one.
Okay. spill. sister.
-Oh. It's not very juicy.
-[Kylie] Go on.
Okay. I… I got married when I was young.
He was handsome. I was in love.
I had landed my first wine rep job.
He had dreams of opening up his own bar.
but as I worked my way
up the corporate ladder.
Tyler worked his way
through the cocktail server staff.
Ugh. What a knob.
[scoffing] I learned the hard way.
Once bitten. twice shy.
We hate him.
-Me too. Ugh!
-[Kylie] Well. good.
[laughing]
Heidi's fine. False alarm.
-[all sighing]
-Good.
You missed Big Smoke here in action today.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah. Henry said she was a real ace.
[Sam chuckling]
Looks like you are trying
to take our jobs after all. Lola.
I mean…
[all laughing]
-[Kylie] Teeth time? All right.
-Yeah.
-Okay. Be careful. they're still drying.
-Yup.
-So. just blow.
-Okay.
[country music playing over radio]
I might try and. uh. give Heidi a call
before she goes to sleep.
Yeah. Okay. I will get some air
and give you some privacy. Okay?
[Sam] Yeah. Thanks. Big Smoke.
[crickets chirping]
[wondrous music playing]
[Lola chuckling]
You contemplating more trespassing?
[scoffing]
Looks like you're the one trespassing.
Isn't this Hazel's pool?
[chuckling]
Uh. she never goes in
and someone should use it.
Besides. Hazel's in Sydney.
[Lola] Hmm.
The water's nice. Come in.
What. like. go swimming?
With you?
[chuckling]
Yup.
What are ya? Chicken?
Is that a dare?
Well. that depends
on whether you take it or not.
Well. in that case. dare accepted.
[romantic music playing]
Ooh.
[Max chuckling]
[both chuckling]
[chatting indistinctly]
[Lola] I can see why you sneak in here.
[Max] Well…
[both laughing]
[Lola] Don't splash me.
[Max] Never even dream of it.
[Lola talking indistinctly]
See you.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. Breeze. I need you
to muster today. All right?
Hazel's on calls all day.
I promised Tim
I'd help him stack bales. Sorry.
Take Lola instead.
Yeah. I'm not too sure
motorbikes are Lola's thing.
Oh. come on.
I think she's full of surprises.
Well. breaking her neck
needn't be one of them.
She's been here almost a fortnight.
Have a little faith.
[sighing]
[motorcycle engine revving]
-[woman] Go get it. girl!
-[women laughing]
[engine revving]
Try to keep up!
[laughing]
[sheep bleating]
-[Lola] Go!
-[Max] I'll watch out behind.
-[Lola] Whoo!
-["Missing Piece" by Vance Joy playing]
♪ I've been waiting
For the tides to change ♪
♪ For the waves to send you my way ♪
[whistling. indistinct shouting]
♪ I see you. darling. but you pixelate ♪
[Lola] This way. come on.
Keep it moving. All right.
♪ But we'll hold the line ♪
♪ I won't let go ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll be there
When you can finally make it home ♪
-[Max] A little adventure over lunch?
-Okay. sure.
♪ Because when I'm in a room with you ♪
♪ That missing piece is found ♪
♪ You know
When you're by my side. darling ♪
♪ Nothing can bring us down ♪
♪ Oh. I won't waste a minute
When you're here ♪
♪ And we're finally in the clear ♪
♪ When every day is like the last ♪
You ride like a pro.
[exhaling] My ex was a motorbike guy.
At least I got that out of the marriage.
Whoo.
Where are we?
That's Sybylla's favorite spot.
Is this that work-life balance thing
that Henry spoke so highly of?
[Max] She called it Eden Falls.
Yeah. I came here a lot as a kid.
Oh. So. you're a local boy?
You. uh. grew up near Waratah?
Uh. sorta.
[Lola scoffing]
What? I'm sorry. no. you are not
getting away with a non-answer answer.
You know basically everything about me.
and all I know about you
is that you maybe grew up around here.
have surprising guitar skills.
and can't resist an inspirational quote.
I need backstory. Now.
Ah. Uh.
I was a bit of a hell-raiser as a kid.
You. an outlaw?
So sneaking into other people's pools
isn't your only unlawful act.
-Nope.
-How many people have you killed?
-Ha-ha. That's very funny.
-[Lola chuckles]
Nah. the truth is I was…
I was a tosser.
I was angry. destructive.
I was acting out.
[birds calling]
And my mum was sick.
Uh.
she had cancer.
I spent more time in town causing trouble
than by her hospital bed.
Her passing finally made me
pull it together. but…
it was too late.
Well. I'm sure your mom would be
very proud of the man that you are.
So. I've actually been meaning
to bring something up.
Baaabra.
[Max chuckling]
Baaabra? Sunday dinner?
-Not that sheep again. Nope.
-Oh. come on. Spare her. please.
She's a sweet soul. We've bonded.
She could be
like a Waratah Station ambassador.
You know. something to keep
the Airbnb guests busy.
so they don't wander into the main house.
[laughing]
[Max] Mm-mm.
Okay. I'm not letting this go.
Just so you know.
Okay.
[wondrous music playing]
Oh.
[waterfall running]
[Lola gasping]
I have no word but "wow."
[Max chuckling]
[Lola] Beautiful.
[Max] Maybe Australia
doesn't hate you after all.
[both chuckling]
[Lola] Oh.
[Calder inhales deeply]
[Calder] So she's in Australia.
trying to steal our account.
I mean. it… it… it was originally hers.
[indistinct chatter]
Well done. Lola.
[scoffing] Clever girl.
She found a workaround.
You know. it'd be smart
for you to do the same. Audra.
[gasping]
Um.
[sighs] I… I…
I have an idea where she might be.
[Lola] Whoo!
[Lola and Max chuckling]
Ah.
Hey. It's Henry's birthday.
We're hitting the turps. Down at the pub.
Oh. I can't.
Hazel's finally free
to go over station business tonight.
Yeah. I have to work too. Full inbox.
And I'm Salud Imports only employee.
Oh. come on. Just one drink. One drink.
[Lola groaning]
You should go. Have fun.
Knock the dust out of your throat
with a couple of beers.
Please.
Okay. Because it's Henry.
and only because it's Henry.
One drink.
-Yay. [chuckles]
-[Lola chuckles]
["Are You Gonna Be My Girl?"
by Jet playing]
♪ Go ♪
Whoo!
-Whoo!
-[Kylie] Yeah!
[Kylie humming melody]
♪ So one. two. three
Take my hand and come with me ♪
♪ Because you look so fine
That I really wanna make you mine ♪
[all laughing]
♪ I say you look so fine
That I really wanna make you mine ♪
♪ Big black boots. long brown hair ♪
♪ She's so sweet with her get back stare ♪
♪ Well I could see you home with me ♪
♪ But you were with another man. yeah ♪
[Kylie] Yes!
♪ I know we ain't got much to say ♪
♪ Before I let you get away. yeah ♪
[mimics playing guitar]
♪ I said. are you gonna be my girl? ♪
[all laughing]
Okay. more drinks!
-[everyone cheering]
-Let's go!
[Kylie] Yes!
[bartender] Hi.
-Yeah. Having fun out there?
-[Breeze] Yes.
Another round?
Hey. No. no.
No. no flirting. thank you.
No more bartenders for me.
I don't know
how to flirt. darling. Trust me.
You know. this might be
the last time I ever go sideways.
I'm gonna be a mum.
Oh.
[Breeze] You'll be a great mum.
Darts! Darts! I love darts!
Yeah. Let's play darts.
-[Lola] Let's do it!
-I'll take you on.
Oh. really? You ready to throw down?
[laughing]
You think you can handle it. girly?
[Sam] "Girly"?
[Lola scoffing] Oh.
Do you think you can handle it?
[all] Whoa!
-Let's go. Breeze.
-Here we go.
[rock music playing softly on radio]
Thoughts on the Shiraz?
Blueberry.
Black pepper.
Earthy. Nice. I like it.
See. your palate is incredible.
You should be running Vaughn Family Wines.
Okay. That's enough.
These wines need
the perfect rollout in California.
And Lola has smart ideas.
but she's not even licensed yet.
All I know is Lola wants to earn this.
So. it's up to you. Haze.
Well. it could be up to you.
Say yes to running it.
just the wine division.
It'd be nice if I had help.
I am tired of this conversation.
All right? So why are we still having it?
You need a fire lit
under your bum. Brother.
[Max groaning]
No. I don't. I'm good here. All right?
You're so talented and so stuck.
[exhaling sharply] It's infuriating.
Look. I don't fit in your world.
Once people find out I have money
and power. that's all it's about.
I like it out on the land.
mustering the mob.
It's peaceful.
Okay? That's all I want.
And I think you want more than that.
[Max] Hmm.
I saw you and Lola
in the pool the other night.
[Max chuckling]
Are you busting my chops?
Yeah. Well. I'm your sister.
I know better. and it's my duty.
She's gotten under your skin. huh?
Ah. [chuckling]
-[Hazel snoring]
-[Max laughing]
Ugh.
[Max] Okay. Settle down.
She's honest.
She's fierce.
[Max chuckling]
She's determined. that's for sure.
[Hazel] Hmm.
Mm-hmm.
[Max] What?
Wait a second. What's that?
Is that why you insisted that she stay?
'Cause you thought she'd get
under my skin. You…
-I don't have to answer that.
-Yeah. right. You just did.
So…
Are you gonna tell Lola?
You know I'll never tell anyone.
Well. maybe it's time for that to change.
[Breeze] Henry.
-Hey.
-[Kylie] Come on.
Oh! That was a good one.
["Ride" by The Vines playing]
[scoffing] Mate. that's not your score.
You calling me a cheater?
Yeah. He is because you are!
Yeah. She's got you there. mate.
No one calls me a cheat!
Oi!
♪ Ride with me. ride with me ♪
-[grunting]
-[Sam] Oi!
See how you like that!
[man yelling]
[both screaming]
Yeah? You want a piece of me?
You wanna fight me?
Amazing. [belching]
[body thuds on floor]
Hey. wait. I remember you.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Oh.
Dad! Dad. I can't talk!
-I'm in a bar fight! I'll call you back!
-[yelling. clattering]
I should've never encouraged her
to go to Australia.
She's in a bar fight.
Damn. I'm kinda jealous.
I haven't been
in a good bar fight in years.
[yelling. grunting]
[man yelling]
[Sam laughing]
-Yeah!
-[Henry] Yeah!
[clamoring]
[whistling loudly]
[music stops]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[bottles clattering]
[grunting. groaning]
Sorry. mate. I got carried away.
Another round!
[all] Yeah!
[bartender] No. no. no!
No more rounds! Youse are all cut off.
All you troublemakers.
get out of me bar now!
I'm getting sick of this. Max.
I'm getting really sick of it. All right?
This mob have caused a lot of trouble
for me tonight.
and it's the last thing I need in my life.
You know that. Don't you?
Yeah. I know.
Fiona's not talking to me. All right?
I'm sorry. mate.
I haven't seen me dogs in three months.
It's just outta control.
The last thing I need
is to be dealing with this!
I understand. mate.
The constable and I
played footie together.
Yeah. yeah. I know. He loves you. mate.
Look. I'm sorry and this should sort it.
-That should take care of it. All right?
-[all laughing]
-It's very decent of you. Max.
-You got it.
[bartender] You're a good boy.
Always have been.
-Get out of the way!
-Okay.
[all giggling]
And thank this one and her whistle too.
Saved most of me windows.
-Thank you.
-That's a very good whistle you've got.
Oh. thank you so much.
That means a lot to me.
All right. Everyone back to the station.
[all laughing]
Tim. you're designated driver?
Yeah. mate. I'm good. Let's go. Come on.
Let's go. Come on. Let's go. let's go.
All right. Back to the station.
[Lola] Oops. I forgot how to stand.
[laughing]
[indistinct shouting]
Hey. [shushing]
Come here. Can I tell you a secret?
I have never been
in a real bar fight. Okay?
There are so no bar fights
at wine tastings.
It's just like… you know. like. Sauv Blanc
and. like.
blah-blah-blah boring chitchat and--
[hiccuping]
Oh. okay.
-[Lola retching]
-Oh.
Oh no.
[gasping]
Are you gonna tell on me to Hazel? No.
Look. she will probably
think better of you.
Don't worry.
What do you think of me?
Uh…
[Lola laughing]
[Max] Lola. [clears throat]
Because I have thoughts about you.
[Max sighing]
-Really?
-Yes.
Yes. indeedy.
[chuckling]
You are a mystery. Mister.
You're like. you know. The Marlboro Man.
but without the cigarettes.
[in Australian accent] You live
out on the land and answer to no one.
But. I don't know.
like. it seems kinda lonely.
You know. like. are you even happy?
[Max sighing]
-I don't know.
-Look. Lola.
There's something I need to tell you.
but tonight's not the night.
No. I'm telling you.
-Oh?
-[hiccuping] Oh.
Oops. Oh. I'm hiccupping.
Ugh. See?
This is why shots are a bad idea.
because no one
in history has ever been like.
"Oh my God.
I'm so glad we did that last shot."
-Okay. Yeah. yeah. it's time to go.
-Do you know what I mean? Go?
-Yes. it's home time. Up you get.
-But do you really know? Aw.
I don't wanna go home.
-Up you-- Oh. whoa. How many…
-I'm fine.
-Whoa. You all right there?
-Yeah. Can we get tacos?
No. We'll get you a meat pie.
You all right?
-How many drinks did you have?
-I don't want a meat pie.
-That sounds disgusting.
-It's delicious.
[peaceful music playing]
[Sam groaning]
Yeah. I'm gonna fall asleep here.
[Lola sighing]
[Breeze laughing]
Somehow. I won 100 dollars last night.
And it's so pretty.
-Good one.
-[Lola] Huh.
So. I've got something to share.
-Tim. you know. the head stockman?
-[Lola] Mm-hmm.
He got a new job
on another station as the boss cocky.
How do I pitch myself to Max for his job?
Okay. Hangover is suddenly cured.
Breeze… ugh… look. you add
so much value to this station.
Max relies on you.
so pitch the skills you've learned
and how you plan to expand on them. Okay?
I feel like I should
be writing this down. Hold on.
[Lola chuckling]
[indistinct chatter]
-You all right?
-[Lola groaning]
[Lola sighing. chuckling]
Uh. on a scale of one to ten.
how embarrassing was I last night?
[Max] Uh…
No. You were cute.
In a law-breaking hooligan sort of way.
[chuckling] Okay. I work in wine.
We're sippers. not two-fisters.
-[Max] Right.
-[Lola] Mm.
Yeah. Well. the good thing is
you're not properly part of station crew
until you've gotten legless
and you've started a barney.
So. congratulations.
-That somehow made sense to me.
-[Max] Mm-hmm.
-Yeah.
-[Max] Yeah?
[Lola chuckling]
Hey. So I'm driving supplies
to the winery today.
You care to join?
What? The winery? Yes!
Oh my God. I've been dying to go.
[Max] I know. I know.
And since I know
Lola Alvarez probably doesn't do days off.
we can make it a working day off.
There's a fence that needs mending
on the far side of the station.
Oh. okay. Good.
I was worried there for a second. so…
[both chuckling]
I also thought. uh…
I thought we could camp out overnight.
Yeah. I know a good spot.
[birds chirping]
Yeah. Um.
just give me two minutes to pack.
[dramatic music playing]
[Lola] This… This is why I'm here.
[Max chuckling]
What. you don't like shoveling sheep dung?
I've arranged a private tour
with the winemaker. Felix.
[Lola] Oh. wow.
Someone has a fancy "in" here.
Impressive.
And in here. we have
state-of-the-art climate control.
Oh. it feels so nice after being outside.
The perfect balance of temperature
and humidity to age the wine.
Hmm. I'd actually been consulting
with a rival winery.
Then Hazel lured me away
when she expanded Vaughn Family Wines.
Oh. I can see why. It's amazing here.
And you said all the wines are organic?
-Yes. And biodynamic.
-Wow.
No chemicals. no manipulations.
just grapes.
-So. my specialty is blends.
-[Lola] Hmm.
Vaughn Family Wines have really unique
flavor profiles found nowhere else.
The varietals both complement
and contrast in the glass.
-[Felix] Mm-hmm.
-Hmm. Okay.
I'll get you to try this.
This is a Shiraz blend
from the cooler climate
of the Yarra Valley.
Oh. Mm.
[sniffing] Okay.
Oh.
It's like I'm in a rustic mountain cabin.
warming myself
next to a wood-burning fire.
cozy under a cashmere blanket.
Mm. Beautifully put.
We've also produced a Chardonnay blend
from the same region.
It's my special reserve.
Citrus and mineral.
Ooh. Sign me up for that.
It's 200 dollars a bottle.
Um. sign me up
for the email list instead. maybe.
I could break one open for a wee taste.
Max?
Uh. yeah. another time.
Yeah. We still have work to do.
-Mm. Hmm.
-[Max] Mm-hmm.
-I'll pack you some wine to-go.
-Cool. thanks.
So. how does this work?
I mean. you're obviously a regular here.
I like the way you talk about wine.
Yeah. How it transports you.
Well. I believe that wine
should be a vacation.
Or should I say holiday?
[Max chuckling]
[Lola] Mm.
[glass clinking]
Is this the official label
for all the Vaughn Family Wines?
Uh. think so. yeah. Felix would know.
I wonder why it's called
Vaughn Family Wines.
I mean. Hazel kinda seems like a solo act.
[dramatic music playing]
[Lola] Hmm.
Where is my notebook?
This place is giving me ideas.
[Max sighing]
[Max] Hey. last night. uh.
you said something at the pub.
-Oh God. what?
-[Max chuckling]
-Actually. no. Don't tell me.
-[Max] Nah. it's too late.
Uh. you said I seem lonely.
[birds chirping]
-Yikes.
-[Max] Mm-hmm.
I guess. uh… [inhales deeply]
in vino veritas?
Boozy truth?
You know. I always chalked it up
to most women
not liking life out in the bush.
It's hot. remote. dangerous.
[scoffing] It is not
for the faint of heart.
Yeah. but rugged loner is just a way
of making excuses for myself.
You know. when my mum died.
I promised I'd do better.
but I've just been playing it safe.
[chuckling]
Unlike someone I know.
Wow. Okay.
Turns out my drunken babbling
wasn't such a disaster after…
[gasping] Oh.
Kangaroo! A baby kangaroo.
-[Max sighing] A juvenile.
-[Lola] Baby kangaroo.
See. I bet its mum made this hole
in the fence. They're everywhere.
Okay. Can I not just enjoy
this one stereotypical Aussie moment?
Oh my God. [gasping]
Are you serious? That is your lock screen?
Excuse me. sir. This is a private photo
of me and my best friend.
-[Max] Ugh.
-[gasping]
-[camera shutter clicking]
-[Lola] Aww.
Now I just need to see a koala.
You promised.
I did no such thing.
-[Lola] Yes. you did.
-Nope.
Remember the other day?
-[Max] I don't. 'cause it didn't happen.
-You said it.
Better make it happen.
You're making…
You better fix that fence right now.
[Lola laughing]
It's so cute.
[magical music playing]
[Lola exhaling sharply]
Wow. [chuckles]
Australia showing off again.
Thank you. Australia!
[both laughing]
[Lola sighing]
[Max groaning]
[Max] What are you scribbling so intently?
-[Lola] I was inspired by our field trip.
-[Max] Hmm.
I have new ideas to pitch to Hazel.
[crickets chirping]
[Max] Ah. [chuckling]
Sybylla Vaughn.
Yep. A new label.
Every bottle should tell her story.
[romantic music playing]
Look. Lola.
the funny thing about Sybylla is--
Sybylla is what makes Vaughn Family Wines.
She's the key. I mean.
she can create a personal relationship
between the winemaker
and the wine drinker.
Sybylla is an aspirational inspiration
to all.
That's a really great idea.
I've been feeling really creative.
[sighing] I think it's
from my time here at Waratah Station.
-I don't know how to put it. but--
-It's revived your senses. maybe?
-Yes!
-Yeah. [chuckling]
[chuckling] Exactly.
Air smells fresher.
Food tastes better. I sleep like a log.
[chuckles] Okay.
Well. I can drink to that.
Wait. is that the…
is that the 200-dollar bottle
of Chardonnay?
I had Felix put it on ice.
You… You said you wanted to try it.
Just say cheers.
Okay.
Salud.
[Lola chuckles]
[Max sighing]
Oh.
Yeah.
[Lola laughing]
And we're also celebrating
sparing your sheep.
Blah Blah whatever its name is.
-It won't be Sunday supper. Oh God.
-Baaabra?
-Yeah. It won't
-Really?
Yeah. nah.
Was that more on the "yeah." or the "nah"?
Or just a meaningless "yeah. nah"?
[laughs] Yeah. nah.
You won me over. All right?
-Can we put a cute scarf around her neck?
-[Max] No.
-And a… and a name plaque on her pen?
-Oh my goodness.
[both laughing]
-[Max] Settle down.
-Please?
Nah.
[Lola] Mm.
I don't want today to end…
-[Lola yawning]
-[Max chuckling]
…but bed is calling my name.
[Max] Swag check.
-[Lola groaning]
-[Max] Hey.
Oh!
Oh. it's just a harmless tree snake.
Likes to warm up in the bedroll. don't ya?
[breath shuddering]
Just when I was starting
to like this place.
There you go. buddy.
Okay.
[breathing shakily]
[Max chuckling]
-Wow. [chuckles nervously]
-[Max] It's all good.
-Whatever you say.
-Whatever I say.
[Lola sighing]
[Max grunting]
Oh. okay. Hello?
-[Max] You all right? [laughs]
-[laughing] Yeah.
Oh.
The stars are amazing here.
[Lola sighing]
That's Alpha Centauri there.
and. uh. that's the Southern Cross.
Hey.
What if that snake comes back?
We will have safety in numbers.
Lola. there's. uh…
there's something I need to tell you.
I should've told you a while ago it's…
but it's not as big as--
[romantic music playing]
[Lola exhales sharply]
[Lola moaning]
[Lola] Hmm.
[Max] Morning. spitfire.
Morning. boss cocky.
Hmm.
Uh. Lola.
You need to know now.
[birds warbling]
I'm Max Vaughn.
-Sorry. what?
-[Max] Max Vaughn.
Great-great grandson of Sybylla Vaughn.
Hazel Vaughn's younger brother.
Wait. What?
No. What? No. no. no.
I… I google-stalked Hazel before I came.
I mean. a Fatal Attraction-level stalk--
Yeah. I… I don't have social media.
and I wiped the Internet
of my family ties.
You can do that
when you have heaps of money.
-Wait. Hazel's money?
-[Max] No. mine.
Hazel and I are business partners.
I'm… I'm a silent investor.
I don't… I don't understand.
When Mum died.
Hazel and I inherited Waratah.
All right?
I turned it into a profitable station
while Hazey went off
and earned her MBA at uni
and invested in her first company.
I gave her the capital.
Listen. Lola.
Hazel is my sister and I love her.
but I don't envy her.
The people will do anything
to get access to her.
Oh. What. like me?
So. you think that I'd use you?
In all fairness. you did come to Waratah
to land Hazel as a client.
Yeah. but I was truthful.
I mean. I… I told you both why I was here.
I'm not some thief after anyone's money.
I worked hard for a genuine opportunity.
But you know what?
What would you know about honesty?
Yeah. All right.
Look. I deserve that. All right?
The thing is. Lola. I just…
I never expected you
to throw me for a loop.
Okay. so all this time.
sharing confidences…
I even asked you about Vaughn Family Wines
and you're only telling me this now?
I'm sorry. All right?
This isn't easy for me.
The only person
at Waratah who knows is Hazel.
But I trust you.
Great… Great. you trust me. but…
but how am I now supposed to trust you?
I'm the same person that you spent
the last two weeks with. Lola.
The same person
that you kissed last night.
Oh. right.
I was just trying to protect my heart.
Yeah. Well. I… I wish I'd done the same.
[melancholy music playing]
[Lola] You're right.
I'm. uh… I'm here on business. so…
let's get back to it.
[truck engine revving]
Oh. there you are.
Lola. Hazel wants to see you
right now up at the house.
-Now?
-[Breeze] Now.
Okay.
[Hazel and guests laughing]
[Hazel] That is a great idea.
[Calder] We'll make it happen.
[Calder and Hazel laughing]
[Hazel] That's good.
Oh. Lola.
Calder was just telling me
how you worked for him for years.
and how devastated he was that you decided
to strike out on your own.
It's why I came all this way.
To hire you back.
Wait. what? I thought--
I'm impressed by the lengths
you went to to get this account.
Lola's being promoted
to National Sales Director.
She'll be handling your account.
Vaughn Family Wines was all her idea.
The timing is perfect.
Calder. Lola can take you and Audra
to visit the winery.
and I'll have my Sydney office
draw up the contracts.
Sounds great.
Right. Lola?
[dramatic music playing]
[smacking lips] Calder? A moment?
Alone?
You just show up blindsiding me?
Look. Audra's no Lola. Okay?
You hold things together at Mythos.
So I'll forgive that messy outburst
you had when you quit.
[Lola scoffing]
A 20% pay bump
comes with that promotion. plus bonuses.
Struggling is so pedestrian
when you don't need to. Lola.
Make it easy on yourself.
Say yes.
[Lola] Hmm.
I don't do easy.
Never have. The answer is no.
Everything good?
Actually. uh. Calder's mistaken.
I won't be returning to Mythos.
but I understand that you need
to go with an established importer.
I'm disappointed you won't be on my team.
Salud Imports is just too new.
[Lola] Sybylla Vaughn inspired me.
You have a unique opportunity here
to have her inspire
countless others around the world.
Parting gift.
Best of luck to you.
Good luck to you too. Lola.
Hazel. uh. shall we go back
and discuss strategy and scheduling?
-Go ahead. I'll be right there.
-[Calder] Okay.
You're doing the wrong thing. Haze.
I saw Lola at the winery yesterday.
She's the person for the job.
Well. now you suddenly care
about Vaughn Family Wines?
Wild guess.
you decided to tell Lola who you are.
and it was too late
and blew up in your face.
Oh.
Hate to say it. Brother.
you should've stepped up sooner.
In work and in love.
[sighs]
Are you insane? You walked away
from everything you always wanted.
You know. I've learned a lot
about myself in Australia.
One is. I don't like Vegemite.
but more importantly.
I was right when I quit Mythos.
Life is too short
for the Calders of the world.
You know. I… [shuddered breathing]
I… I panicked.
I… I'm sorry. I was desperate.
I'm… I am a horrible person.
[breathing heavily]
Look. I get it. Okay?
You made a bad decision because you were
in a tough spot with Calder.
There were tons of times
when I felt the same way.
-Really? So you understand?
Yeah. but it was not your finest moment.
-Oh. no. no. I know I'm like… Oh my God.
-Let's be real.
I really know that.
I'm so… I'm really… I'm so sorry.
-Yeah.
-[Audra] I'm so…
I'm so sorry.
So. do you think
that we could be. like. friends again?
-Yeah. nah. Don't get ahead of yourself.
-No. yeah. Yeah. You're right.
[scoffing]
[breathing heavily]
[sheep bleating]
Hey. it's okay
to overdress for an occasion.
Never apologize for style.
You take care. you hear?
[sheep bleating]
[chuckling]
[whispering] Good girl.
[dramatic music playing]
[indistinct chatter. laughing]
[all] ♪ We stole the champagne
We stole the champagne ♪
Here. Guess what we stole
when Danno was out on smoko?
-Champagne?
-[all] Bubbles!
'Cause guess who's now head stockwoman?
What? Oh! Congrats. girl! [grunts]
Thank you.
We're also celebrating
that Kylie got bumped up to wool classer.
-No biggie. No biggie. Thank you.
-What? Amazing.
Well. that means that the team
actually needs a new roustabout.
If only we knew someone.
Mm. Thanks. ladies. but you know what?
Day-drinking for my living
is much. much easier.
-Fair.
-All good.
We heard that wine thing didn't work out
exactly the way you planned.
Yeah. You know.
you win some. you lose some.
[gasping] Before I forget.
-Returning the loaners.
-Thank you.
-Aw. Perfect condition.
-For you.
How did you do that?
I. um… I cleaned them.
-That checks out. yeah.
-Right. Yeah.
[Sam] Yeah.
One more thing.
-[gasping] Ooh. ooh. What is this?
-Oh. Okay.
-Open it.
-What is it?
It's a… it's a FLATOUTbear.
I've never really heard of them.
but it's… it's a thing here.
Yeah.
And I love it.
My. uh… My dad's my best friend.
He's got a lot of opinions
about a lot of things. but I love it.
And. um…
and I know
you're gonna be amazing too. so…
[Sam sighing]
[Lola] Aw.
-Thank you.
-[Lola] Yeah.
-[chuckling]
-[car door closing]
[emotional music playing]
[sighing]
-I'm gonna…
-Go.
-We'll see you later. Yup. see ya.
-Yeah.
[Sam] Ooh.
So. all that to just…
To walk away?
Staying true to myself.
I'll figure it out. [inhales deeply]
Sybylla Vaughn didn't give up.
and neither do I.
[Max sighing]
Look. about us. I just--
There is no us. Okay?
I'm a Yank career gal
heading home to the big smoke
and you're here
doing your undercover boss thing.
It would…
It would never work.
And for the record.
I never cared what your last name was.
I never even asked.
[Max sighing]
No. uh.
parting words of wisdom?
Nah.
[chuckling]
I got nothing.
Goodbye. Max Vaughn.
Goodbye. Lola Alvarez.
[emotional music continues]
[Max sighing heavily]
Why doesn't your company buy
its own darn coffee machine?
Oh please. Dad.
you love being unofficial officer manager.
-Hmm. Use a coaster.
-Okay.
-Refill. Audra?
-Oh. Yes. please.
You know.
when you rented that nice apartment. Lola.
I was hoping to turn this
into a yoga studio.
Dad. when have you ever done yoga?
Uh. I was voted
most flexible Latino in high school.
[Lola and Audra laughing]
[groaning]
I still got some tricks.
-Wow.
-Namaste.
[both laugh]
I wonder if. um. Hazel's gonna end up
going with the Sybylla wine label.
Yeah. Like. speaking of.
it's all over the wine trade websites.
[Lola] Hmm?
Mythos and Vaughn Family Wines
have parted ways.
-Wow.
-[Audra] Yeah.
That was quick.
[Audra] Yeah. Like. still in
the contractual grace period. apparently.
Um. the official reason is
they had. like. different working styles.
but you know.
I mean. AKA.
they got to know Calder better. right?
[Lola] Ugh.
So. like. should…
should we go after Vaughn Wines?
I mean. it was your idea.
Let's focus on new business.
Have you even tried calling Max?
[scoffing]
No.
Look. it took me a while
to figure this out.
but it's not even
that he lied. you know? I…
[exhaling sharply]
I don't know. I just…
I don't think he knows who he is yet.
Sure. but what if his way
to change that was to share it
with someone he really trusted.
and that was you?
[dramatic music playing]
[scoffing]
So when did you get so wise?
Since you gave me a second chance.
You see the best in people. Lola.
Even when they don't deserve it.
You believing in them
makes them want to be that best version.
Yeah.
I just. uh…
When we said goodbye.
he didn't step up for me.
So. in Max's Pinterest wisdom.
the horse is already out of the barn.
Well. actually. Uruguay
is a rising star in the wine world.
Its mild maritime climate is ideal
for grape growing.
And the women
of the wine collective we're representing
are known for their red varietals.
Even their award-winning Tent Flint.
Give it a taste.
[classical orchestral music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] Mm.
You know. we're starting to stock
more niche wines. I love your product.
-[Lola] Great. Of course.
-And I would love your card.
-[Lola] For you. Thank you so much.
-Thank you. This feels so good.
-[Hamish] Lola.
-Yeah.
Hamish! Hi!
-[chuckling]
-[Lola] Oh!
-[chuckles]
-[Hamish] Oh!
Tasteful. but. uh. limited offerings.
When are you gonna expand your list?
Oh. Hamish. You know I'm working on it.
I don't know. I gave you a good lead
and you blew it. spectacularly.
[Max chuckling] Nah. mate.
[wondrous music playing]
I'm the one who blew it.
What… What are you doing here?
I'm not a silent partner anymore.
The reaction to the new label
is through the roof.
Salud Imports is exactly
what Vaughn Family Wines needs.
[Audra] She accepts.
We're your new importer.
[giggling]
[laughing] Okay.
And I'm not just here on business.
Baaabra misses you.
[Max laughing]
Sadly. it's true.
She mopes all around her pen all day.
And she won't even wear her scarf anymore.
She's miserable.
So you came all this way
to give me an update on Baaabra?
[Max] Mm-hmm. [chuckles]
No.
I came all this way
to say I'm done hiding out.
You never gave up. Lola.
But somewhere along the way.
I did.
I was a fool to let you go.
So here I am.
Go big or go home. Right?
Shut up and kiss me already.
[music crescendos]
I now pronounce you wife and wife.
-[woman] Whoo-hoo!
-Share a kiss.
[crowd cheering. whistling]
Heyo!
Yeah!
-Whoo!
[cork popping]
[whistling loudly]
It's time to celebrate. everyone!
[crowd cheering. shouting]
Yeah.
-Look at you go.
-Right?
-That was very good.
-Thank you. Thank you.
["Home" by Edward Sharpe
& The Magnetic Zeros playing]
[crowd cheering]
I think Sybylla would love knowing
that her story didn't end with her.
Waratah Station's never short
on one thing.
happy endings.
♪ Man. oh man. you're my best friend ♪
♪ I scream it to the nothingness ♪
♪ There ain't nothing that I need ♪
♪ Well. holy moly. me oh my ♪
♪ You're the apple of my eye ♪
♪ Girl. I've never loved one like you ♪
♪ Oh. home. let me come home ♪
♪ Home is wherever I'm with you ♪
[Lola laughing]
♪ Oh. home. let me come home ♪
♪ Home is wherever I'm with you ♪
♪ Home ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. take me home ♪
-♪ Mother. I'm coming home ♪
-♪ Daddy. I'm coming home ♪
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]